hey what's going on this is just a quick
short video or whatever for dragon kicks
com I had a little bit of extra money
and I just kind of want to check them
out and see what they're talking about
these are the jordan 12 playoffs and see
if i can get detailed on it not too bad
looking than you know
box beat the hell but I mean shit dude I
had these back in the day look pretty
much just like it a little bit shorter
and you know they don't look as buff is
the real ones these are the real ones
right there see how buff that bad little
tag is right there you know and the shoe
is just like mighty compared to these I
guess you could say see that tags a
little smaller on that but there's
straight 58 bucks the box retro card
paper nothing special air jordan 12
black varsity whatever playoff then
these are from the countdown pack the 12
taxi got the little shiny shit I mean
the detail is great but I know they
didn't shiny like that i ain't trippin
tho pretty damn good the backs on these
like a hell of a lot better than the
playoffs as detail on if you look close
enough you know both shoes look pretty
much identical manner you no problem
with them I mean you know they came nice
good condition box came in fair
condition as a collapses easy though but
that's them right there you know the
taxis one more again and then one white
getting on the playoffs that's the best
part about them like there is that
little deal but I mean shit not bad
I went and got the countdown pack
because I Serafina the 12 are the
Elevens I got were not what I expected
they had Souls on them weren't dark true
red they were almost orange but they're
taking care of that for me they must
have mixed them up sent me the wrong
wrong set up somehow you know how that
shit goes overseas they're fucking what
can you say I also got the AAA + x1
black and white and purple conchords but
uh then my fuckers were pissy coming for
real but I was supposed to make a video
man I'm sorry about that i sold them
bitches real quick like somebody came
over and seeing them you know top 10 175
bones just what the tags head right on
the box and shit so but they came with
the shoe horns purple shoehorns the bag
everything that they show on the
pictures they were you know only thing I
didn't like about him was the jump man
was up at the fourth place instead of
the third place you know with this I see
bottoms were bluish they were fucking
dope dude somebody like I said somebody
came in and just bought them for me like
think the day or the day over the next
day after I got him so the legit site
dude i would recommend if you're going
to get the taxis to order them out of
the play out or out of the countdown
pack don't get them solo because I seen
that dudes video and he didn't have the
orange back it was red so it's almost
worth 117 to get a shoe of that quality
and you know I'm selling the 11s for
seventy dollars tomorrow so do what you
do let me know what you think